[Music] He
's nobody, just like he's nobody, he says it
next to me.  Yesterday R. made it very clear to me.
Carmen is no one who is discreet
next to me.  Not me, Peppa, it's just that to be
at your level I need, come on, I
need a year, I need a night, I need, I
need a lot, I need a lot, a lot,
a lot.  I'm missing some drinks and I'm a
long way from being by your side, at your
level, Peppa.  I'm sorry, I'm missing, I'm
missing, the truth is that I'm missing quite a bit.
Come on, let's go with another one.  I don't understand
why you sent me this clip, Pili.  The
bean has already said that there is bad vibes.
How am I going to have a relationship with
Marina?  I just don't understand at what
point it follows that I have a bad
relationship with Marina.  But if Marina
was here, how long was the last
live show, right, which was the Peppa thing?  The
previous one, right?  The bad vibes right now
are Peppa and Loli.  But no no no there
is not a single bit where it can be done.  Diego did
n't name Diego didn't name
earlier and nobody says a word.  Clear.
Because?  Because Diego has his community,
and he has been working in it for some time
.  Yes, in fact,
many people have probably met
Miguel Temprano on YouTube because he has collaborated with
Diego, and Miguel Temprano has certainly
not been like starting from scratch.  And
yesterday I didn't find out that Marina had created
a channel, and today the moment I
find out, because I'm going to tell her,
good luck, and that we'll be here, and
that when she gives an exclusive or
something, we'll be here rationing like we
do with Maica, like we do
with Juanjo, even.  Damn, when
Juanjo breaks news I echo it, you
know?  That doesn't mean
you have to leave that
live show so your entire audience can
move on to another channel.  There's no way to
get it, you know what I mean?
I was talking to her yesterday after the
live show.  The Virgin doesn't give a damn.
Alne, can you tell me
when Marina last came in here
? I mean, it was the last
live show, right?  In the previous one.  In the
previous one, no, Olga, but don't think
that way either because she wouldn't tell me anything, but
because she wouldn't tell anyone.  and she would
put it on her Twitter and that's it,
because maybe she wouldn't want to
tell me anything either, but no, but not for no reason,
but to avoid putting myself in a difficult
position or because you don't understand me, there's
nothing strange about that, you know?  Marina and I don't
have a speaking relationship every
day, my goodness, so terrible, huh?  But that's
what I'm telling you, I mean, then there are
other people who cut off collaborations and
each one goes their own way and they don't demand
the same things, which is
where I see the illness, because in the
end I understand that people talk, right?, and
speculate and people have opinions about me because in the
end I'm the one who visits them, I mean, no, I do
n't visit them for anything else, okay?
Damn, it's just that you talk
sick and you talk nonsense.
Peppa, the one you have up high now.  The one he
has up there now, damn.  You
now have Loli up high, Peppa,
saying that you did know about the cancer
and that she wanted to come out and tell the
truth, but you wouldn't let her.  No, no,
but there are people who subscribe to it. I
don't even know how I have it set today.
Gindy is a nerd, now.  It's a
little place, it needs affection from
the people.  You want to browse the
internet safely and also access
all the content from your
favorite platforms like Netflix, HBO Max or Disney
Plus, Cybergost, VPN and I don't know if you
know it, but there is content that is
not available in your country and with this
little trick you can access all the
content, wherever you are.  I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension you add to your internet
that masks your IP address. Besides
browsing completely safely and anonymously,
so no one can know who or
where you are, it also lets you access
content that's blocked
in your country.  There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, on Mediaset,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that
prevents you from doing so.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data, and
ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get an 83%
discount using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click the link in the description and
take advantage of this super offer.  Cyberghost
VPN for completely free and
secure browsing.  We continue with the video.
Ostiruji a viruhi piruji.  What is this?
What is it, Lili?  What is it?  There's
nothing more dangerous than a
self-important narcissistic jerk
encouraging This
guy is really really an idiot, really.  He's very
stupid.  He's just really stupid.  It's very
silly.  But apart from that, he is so
stupid that I refer to the facts
.  I mean, come on, come on, what a
laziness, what boredom and everything,
huh, man?  I mean, look,
the click leaves it, Ai, which one?  Which one do you want
Horus to leave?  Mm, look, the first thing
I did when I came in, eh,
damn, I found out about this.  Good
luck, I don't know, I don't know how much.  Alber's book
, the other one's book, the one about the motorcycle,
Mik uploads a live stream, such and such.  I mean, I do
n't stop myself from mentioning anyone, you
know what I mean?  I have never ever been one to think
like that.  I've never been one to think like that, to be
honest.  No, no, but there are people who
subscribe to it. I don't even know how
I have it set today.  Gindy is a
nerd, already.  So, this was the
Peppa Pig live show, right?  Again.
Javi, Javi, Javi.  Gindy didn't say
no, I don't know exactly what I had said,
that I didn't receive, or that he received a
lot when he spoke about me and said to
his people, "Come on, Peppa is
right."  And they started giving him super chat,
membership, super chat, membership, super
chat.  Here comes the Here comes what
happens to them.  Here comes what happens to them.
Here comes what happens to them.
Gindy said no, I don't know exactly what I
had said, that I didn't receive, or that
he received a lot when he spoke about me and he
said to his people, "Come on, Pepa
is right."  And they started giving me super
chat, I
deserved it, super chat, I deserved it.  It
seems to me that she made two two
target afternoons of 50 and come membership more than
5  eh four four Peppa rounds.
We did four batches of 50 or more and he made
money with me.  Very good.
Private lessons for children cost
a lot of money.  Look, yes, Pepa.  I wish I
had someone here who would
give me 240 at a time. What cli Oru?  I have
closed it.  You tell me which one you want me to
see.  I don't know exactly what I had
said, that I didn't receive, or that he
received a lot when he spoke about me.  Ah,
now, now, now, now, now, now, now,
now.  I got it, I got it.
That's exactly what came to mind, Lili.  I
promise you, okay?  I promise I'm not
stealing your idea, but that's
exactly what came to mind.  And he told his people,
come on, Peppa has a dreadlock.  And
they started giving him super chat, membership.
What has been done?  An entire live stream
twittering about the challenges, because you gave me all that.  Come on, I
can't believe it.  Stop reading my mind.
How connected we are, eh, Lili.
we are connected.  What a feeling, what a
feeling.  And listen to me, I'm not going to set any
more goals.  I'm not going to set any more
goals.  All talking about you, but I
mean, he hasn't said anything.  He's gone a
few days without doing a live show since
Loli said that.  He hasn't done any more
live shows since Lolly said that.  And he
doesn't talk about Loli anymore.  She talks about
Javi as if he were an ex-boyfriend.
Yes, but let's see, I understand that he
was talking about something of mine that had to do
with current events, but of course what he
's talking about is that the day before
yesterday you gave me a lot of super chats.
Do you think that's a
live topic?  You guys, you guys imagine
me opening a live stream one day saying,
"Hey, Juajo has been getting a lot of super chat
."  Well, that's impossible.  I'm
never going to open up and
say that.  Hey, they've given
Auron Play a lot of super chat.  Look, look.  Hm.
And we're opening a 2-hour live show here,
okay?  Vertically.  Hey, how many people
give money to Auron Play.  Oh, oh, oh, what a
crowd, huh?  He's there on Twitch and
people are giving him 10 10 10 No, that
's not an issue, really.  That's not an
issue.  The goals are there, Peppa, and
people do what they want under their
freedom, you know?  Above all, people
make the objectives because they
want to appear here on screen and
talk to the community.  Because?
Because when a super chat is playing, the
whole community hears it.  Well, in the
last live broadcast, the PPA ran out of pages
in the notebook to write down the
donors.  Hey, Lili, but you also have to teach them how to
use new
technologies, right?  So you can
write it down digitally.  Super Cham
deserved it.  Super Cham deserved me.  I
think he did.  Look, look, look, anger,
anger, look.  I imagine it, I
imagine it.  Two 50 tickets and
membership.  Four, Peppa.  Four.  There were
four rounds.  Two were then in the
sauce shop.  Ret already told him that only against
you, not your satellite.  Let's see, but
that's it. Ah, that's what you
told me to look at.  And we didn't see that the
other day.  Um, hello Peppa, what's up?
Are you feeling discouraged?  What do you have?
Are you feeling sick?  Trust me, whoever he's
hooked up with.  Look at that.  Come on, come on
, you're telling me this, you're telling me
this, that I'm going to put together a person
from Big Brother, okay?  She's been a
follower of ours, a collaborator
of ours, Teresa Alceo, and all that
stuff, and we're going to pair her up
with a Venezuelan cryptocurrency expert we
know because he became friends with
Dallas and trained with Pambi.  Come on,
come on, I swear I didn't
see this coming, huh?
Javi's unions are real.  Yes, R, because
Javi Oliveira's tentacles when he's already
finished with the roll of what?
Fran's.  I'm done with Fran's stuff
.  But what's Fran's thing?  I
mean, this is another one, just like
this is another one, another one, another
conspiracy, right?  I've run out of
Fran's stuff, but what's
Fran's stuff that I've run out of.  I'm not going to
talk about the Fran controversy
every time news comes out,
like yesterday, or
Fran's farewell video, or whatever the
hell I've finished is.  Fran is going to
collaborate more with me.  What's the deal
with Fran?  I don't understand.  I mean, but I
still talk to Fran every day
normally.  I mean, for me in my day-
to-day life, in my relationship, nothing has changed
.  Well, there's no podcast, that's the
only thing, you know what I mean?  But what is it that
is the thing that is
over?  My
channel is almost over, but my channel has been here for
10 years now.  It's just that they don't
understand that, man.  They just don't
understand.  Now he has to put his
people to work.  And how do you put it to
work?  Well, messing with
Peppa again.  Ah, I'll put her to work
messing with Peppa.  But Ppp Peppa,
if you've been stuck to Javi, Javi,
Javi, Javi, Javi, Javi for two years.  Didn't you want
Javi to answer you and for us to
pay attention to you and all that stuff?  Well,
and they tell me everything and he has his little group
of little YouTubers who go to
work with me.  That Juanjo appeared in
the chat for this clip.  My goodness, man, the
decadence, man.  Juanjo, really, the
YouTuber from the blue tide here watching
Peppa and Rae.  Oh my goodness, man,
really, since I didn't answer yesterday, no, of course you're
not going to answer.  He no longer responds.   I've
already cut you off, but I've cut you off in
one fell swoop.  Of course, I've been spending a year
writing down everything you were saying about
me.  Pin, pin.  And I kept quiet, I kept quiet and that's it
.  It's here.  Now, every time
you talk about me, well, and even if you don't talk
about me, every time I feel like
commenting on something you're
involved in, I'm going to comment on it. I won't
keep quiet anymore.  You've commented on my
ruling with Plana, my ruling with
Miare, the lawsuits they've filed against me, the ones they've
taken away from me, whether I collaborate with Fran, whether I
collaborate with Frank, you've
been commenting on everything, and now I'm going to
comment on whatever the
hell I want.  If you want to protest, okay?  Or you
try to give me a strike.  Since I did
n't respond yesterday, Rober, since I didn't
respond yesterday, Roberto Navarrete, ally
of these people, I have never spoken to Roberto
Navarrete in my [ __ ] life.  Seriously,
man, when you start fighting with
people on Twitter, you start getting into
random [ __ ], okay?  With
random people, because I see him fighting
with a Twitter user.  Oh, that's what this
Twitter user told me.  Oh, look,
this is a twitterer, what is
a twitterer?  If I'm looking and I'm
seeing maybe that the tweeter's tweet
has four likes or two and I
say, this is what this is what there is
way.  Well, don't involve me.  Whatever
I have to say, I'm going to say it
here without any of my hands shaking,
but I've already said it.  I've
already said it.  You can come up here one day when
you agree.  Let's unite
today, let's unite, and since you're
behind me, you can all come together and come up
here on the same day, one by one,
without telling me.  I'm not going to tell you
no because you're not going to catch me by
surprise.  You all tell me at once,
"Hey, Javi, we want to humiliate you,
we're going to get on the phone and I'm not going to
say like some people that you can
suddenly do sports."  No, no, no.  Come in
whenever you want, but don't
blame me for what people tell you.
People tell you what I am and form opinions based on
what they see.  Okay, Juajo, we're saying
that nonsense, damn it.  Hey, and this coward,
who is a coward who is more scared than
seven old women.  But why
can you call people old now?  You, but
why can you now call
the people you've messed with old
because I told you they're 70 years old?
When do you have them?  It's not even good enough to
hide.  Let him celebrate his last
moments on YouTube.  That's what you
have to do.  Let him go and celebrate.  And
yesterday he said no, that there wouldn't be a
live show that night because there was nothing to
discuss.  Look, there are so many things to
talk about, like for example all the
legal problems of his boss Dallas,
like for
example [Laughter] this eh eh all the
nonsense that his sect says, that his
sect is getting crazier and crazier saying
nonsense, messing with people who
are sick.  They messed with Ajax, one
of the whitewashers, this one, I'm not
even going to name
this pathetic Pambi kids, one of the one of these
monsters from the
sect, right?  The most monstrous, aunt, he's
hanging around with a guy who
threatened my family, huh?  I mean, you
just know him from that, right?  And Juanjo
has also followed this guy, huh?
You know him from that, huh?  They know it because they have gone
viral on
Twitter, as it could not be otherwise, a
tweet from this guy saying, "If you upload a
photo of your son, I'm going after your son."  And
straight and straight at night, during
fat moments, saying that my wife was
very ugly, that she was a fish, that I don't know
what, I mean, like this type, right?  I mean, they
just know him because he harasses me,
right?  That's it.  And they have started following it
and uploading it to their channel.  Everything, right?
But there are monsters in the basket.
Yes, the most monstrous also
has its tentacles on YouTube.  They are
tiny channels that, when given,
pay homage to you.  They tell them,
"Come for Pepa, come for
Claro, come for you, right?"  Because I'm a
different kind of content, giveaway.  Yes,
but damn, they have something
else for me, something else, something else.  And now
the one who gave him the big bucks,
Fran Cuesta, has left.  But he who gives me your
bill, then, what is he?
Because of course, every time you say that
I depend on Fran, another time
that I depend on Marina, other times that I
depend on the blue tide, other times it is
that I depend on Each time you decide one
thing, Peppa, I depend on my channel,
what I am not is a tick like you.
And for me, for example, when
a collaborator leaves or someone doesn't want to
collaborate with me, I don't get hooked for
life and I live solely and
exclusively for that person.
Accept it.  No, no, it's just that Fran, it's just that
I can fight without collaborating with
Fran, I don't depend on Fran, not on
one of them, not on the other, not even the one on the motorcycle.  I
depend on the
current topics.  If it's Fran's, then it will be
Fran's.  And if it's so-and-so, it will be so-and-
so.  And if it's Daniel Sancho's.  And
if the other day we did a live stream about
Marta del Castillo, spectacular,
100,000 views, I organized another live stream.
Well, today we had a
spectacular interview with Rubn Ger.  I mean, you
start questioning as if
what I do on the
Internet and everything I do has anything to do with what
you do, which is just following me
.  Mother of God.  How
can you make money?  Again with
Peppa.  Damn, look, Peppa, if you
want, I'll give you a
recommendation, the same one I
made to Electra, the same one I
made to Delox, who the other day started
fighting with one of these little ones
, one of these
people's tentacles, right?  Look, I
personally don't think it's a good idea
for you to go to war with
those people, with those satellite channels
that this guy has.  I mean, pay attention and
always have a fixation on responding
only to the nonsense he says
and ignore the others, I mean,
just Javi.  Ignore the others,
ignore them, but ignore them completely.
I mean, ignore them, they don't exist.  They are
lackeys.  So, you're not going to fight
with the clowns there.  You have to
fight with the owner of the circus.  The owner
of the circus is Javi Oliveira.  The others
are going to repeat all the
stupid things he says and do the
same thing.  So, I encourage you all to
come here at the same time.  All, all,
all, all whole, all, right?  If you
fall for that game, that's
exactly what he, he and Dallas and all these
people always want, right?  They always
have to try to divert
your argument with them, that they
are the cause of everything, into you
fighting with their henchmen, like
Javi Oliveira wanted to do, instead of
me fighting with an anonymous Twitter account.
No, sir.  So, I organized
your fight with a Twitter account.
A kiss, Tamara, Pepa.  A little kiss, beautiful,
you are very pretty.  Anonymous
Twitter account exists thanks to you.  Don't
send super chat to Pepa, Tamara.  Don't
you guys bite too, because you guys
also like to bite too much.  I'm not
going to respond to your tweets or
anything.  I block them, I have nothing to
talk to them about.  They are
his henchmen, harassers.  He is the one to blame.  He's the one who
shows them on stream, he's the one who
retweets them, he's the one who
tells them what to say, and he's the one
to blame for it all.  Don't pay attention to those
people.  That is, they are his henchmen.  I
mean, if you go and say, I don't know, I heard a
certain Carmen, look, that's Carmen.  Well, don't even
take it into account, I mean, don't even
take it into account.  He is being left
alone.  One of the ones who made her
content with telesales left her.
Fran Cuesta, who was his
bastion of numbers, left him, that is, the one who
could bring him or give him the most numbers is
Fran Cuesta.  No other big celebrity
is going to want to collaborate with this guy
because, for example, he already brings this David Summers
, the one from hombre G,
to his podcast thanks to Fran
Cuesta, because Fran Cuesta was there because
with him, no, that's not a lie.  Lie,
completely lie.  The
podcast guests so far have all been
contacted by me.  Without further ado, okay?  The guy
from Desocupa was following me.  David Sam, well,
David Sam invited me to the
concert in Seville.  David Samer
knew the daughter, didn't he?
When we met in Thailand,
Luca was so lovely.  And Luca was a follower of
mine and Dallas for many years.  I
mean, when she gave me her Instagram I said,
"But you messaged me in
2019," she says, "Yes, it's because I've been following her for a
long time, this happened to me and I
was already talking to her, you know? But
no, no, no. Because no one knows that
I'm with her, this is part of the harassment, right?
Repeating over and over again
that I'm alone, that I'm very alone, that
no one will want to be with me anymore. No, no,
no, don't get it wrong, don't get it wrong
, I'm not alone.
The best are always by my side, okay? Apart
from the best community, the best
collaborators. You focused on Jo, like
us. Peppa, save yourself, the light. Peppa,
focus on Javi Oliveira. Only Javi
Oliveira.
More than 5, eh, from 5 and up. He's
tired of making money from me. Again.
Again the one she has with the super chat
Peppa. Again the one she has  What she has
with the super chats. Mother of God. What she
has with the super chats.
Imagine the night she would have had. The
night she would have had. Mother of God. Very
well. Private lessons for
children cost a lot of
money.  Pepa, the only thing I say
when I'm feeling lonely is a kiss.
Please don't do that, let the woman go as she is
.  One channel and you give your opinion or you crush it
when you leave you are already a
saint.  He says, "Ask J for your commission,
Peppa."  No, you know how hard it is to raise
children.  Well, if I
had to ask her for a commission on
what she has taken.  Do you know how
hard it is to raise children?  It costs a lot of
money, man.  If you want to give him a
good education and sports and everything.
Clear.  Alannej Javi says, "He has never
been and never will be alone, no matter how much they
try to sell that story."  But yes,
yes, they keep trying to sell that
story.  It's like But I don't see it
as a wet dream to acne
because it's like alone.  Mmmv, a kiss.  But
yes, but yes, let's see, but yes, but yes, it doesn't matter, I
mean, first of all, if
I were alone, equally alone, without
collaborators, okay?  I already have a bigger
audience than if five of us were to get together
live right now.  Okay, no more.
Garv, a kiss.  Okay, of the
live gossip channels I'm the one with the biggest
audience, okay?  On visits
right now.  Well, it depends on the month.  I don't know what it is
right now this month, but hey,
don't worry, it's not going
badly at all.  Solange, a kiss.  The community, that
is, just this, without collaborators and without
collaborators, without friends, without anything.
No, if only but if only we wipe out, do you
understand me?  But then it's not
true that we are alone either.  I
mean, Fran is going through
a rough patch right now.  It seems perfect to me and what does he have to
do,
disconnect, but really, but
every time he has mentioned me, he has
acted as if he were asking me about something on the
internet, I have told him, "Don't ask me
or question me, do you understand?"  I
still talk to Fran every day as if it were
normal.  Trium, one of the best
people I've ever met, eh,
a couple of days ago we were downstairs eating.
Uh, we talk on the phone every
day.  Now he's involved with someone with
some issue he has and he's telling me about it
on the phone.  It's true, giving is
true.  Twitch needs a moderator.
I have my Alanne, I have Lili, I have
the best collaborators there are on the
subject of salsa.  That is, there is
n't any either.  It's just that I don't understand
where the solos are.  Where are the
solos?  I get along
with Dallas, I get along with him because he's one of
the strongest YouTubers, right?  About
gossip and such.  I don't get along with
anyone right now either.  From time to
time, a few digs and a few steaks, right?  Moving
the gossip.  No, but I am alone.
Man, I'll tell you one thing, Peppa, I'll tell you
one thing, okay?  You all would have
liked to be with me, okay?  So, I do
n't know about celebrating being alone,
out of spite because you couldn't
be with me, but I'd rather
be alone because I come here to
work in the end, right?  But I
have mine at my house and at
my mother's house, but I would rather be
alone than be with Loli Huerta following
the line about a cancer that doesn't
exist, the ar of Troy, Juanjo, eh,
well, all the kids, the ones I'm
not going to mention now, but
anyway, all kinds of
stalkers are there.  So, for the
football team you have and
the unions you have, believe me, I'd
rather be alone, daughter, if
you're with the worst, even with Tania,
with Tania, for example, she's there
too.  I have to make money and I
like people to make
money.  Angel says, "Hi, greetings from
Tijuana, Mexico. Good afternoon, Angel.
Then he says, look, he imitates, stop, I'm
going to shut up, eh, Cat Show almost
always. At night I don't listen to
YouTube anymore, I
listen to Electra en la ropara or
Electra uncensored. Electra is coming on
Friday. On Friday she's going to do an
interview with me or in quotes, it's not an
interview per se, but it's about
Javi Oliveira. Like, yeah, you're
going to clarify the 240 thing there, right, Pepa?
Because we'll see. I'm telling you.
My beginnings and my ends. Don't [ __ ] with me,
dude. Lili, say hello. Wait and see if I
remember what it would be like. I have no idea,
Lili. I have the Twitch chat a
little out of control. Let's see,
I think this had to be done. Well,
this was Peppa's live show and
apparently Gindy is doing it
An advertisement. What's up, my darling? A
kiss, gorgeous. Marina Snal has
started a YouTube channel. Wow!
Your three channels are doing their
job. Oh, right, Carmen.  But one
day we're going to have to leave one, eh?
I'm not at full capacity anymore,
huh?  The channels are indeed at full
capacity.  What I don't know if I'm
at full capacity anymore is my head, which I
had left out there.  Hey, hey, which one
would we leave, family?  If we had to
leave one, which one would we leave?  And
apparently, Erindiy is giving it
fantastic publicity.  It's the first one that
came out and they're advertising it
every now and then.  But this is a
criticism.  It is assumed that the one who can, can give
the silly girls work so that they can
buy a churromn, a hug.
A kiss, sun.  We're already 28 out of 50. Will we
make it to one of the challenges today?  I do
n't think we'll get to any of them today.
Today Pepa is going to bed with a smile on her
face.  Um,
this is supposed to be criticism you're
making of me.  I understand your irony, eh,
your sarcasm.  Kiss, sun.  That?  Oh
no, he's not
advertising it.  that is not
advertising it.  Don't tell me you're not
advertising for him.  I can't
believe it.  But I don't understand the criticism.  I
mean, it's like an obligation that
I have to people.  Solange, a kiss.
30. The main one neither.  Good king.  No,
of course, we can't leave any.
If you notice, Dala uploaded a video and I
was Fran's friend.  Yes, he didn't tell me anything
that it was going to be a video.  About what?  What will it
be about?  It hasn't come out for me yet.
You baited me.  You baited me.
Ah, it's a live show.  Mm, because he's going to
talk a little bit about the topic.  Well,
then I'll tell you what he says and we'll
see something at the salseria.  I
can't believe it.  I can't believe it.  Yeah,
man, you guys are lying to me.  He
must be doing some
really good advertising for it.  But why, Peppa?  But
why, Peppa?  But why?  I don't
understand.  In other words, a beastly advertisement.
I mean, I wish you luck, right?  And little else,
right?  I mean, well, when I give
an exclusive, we'll take some news and
ration it out just like all our
colleagues, right?  But why?  I mean,
the first thing I should have done
a few days ago.  What was the first thing I should have
done?  Why, Peppa?
When it was already known on Twitter it was, but
a few days ago it was known on Twitter,
Lili.  This was reported on Twitter a few days ago
.  Having made a
beastly advertisement.  But why a beast?
Because?  Why, Peppa?  And you're
telling me he didn't say anything.  I'm damn right.
Lili says no, that it was found out yesterday
afternoon and that's it.  A 24 hours
together.  Hot chili, hot chili,
crab, crab, crab and guitar.
Char tells me Lili.  It was known yesterday.
We retweeted, but we didn't
want to tell you anything because you were
with your family.  But apart from that, I'm not much like
Ah's little sister here, who were
the godchildren of the one in the first video.   It
has been teleindiscreet and FJ.
Marina, you're off to a [ __ ] great start.  Did
the live show go better for him than for you?  Yes, at
1 p.m. they're sending me the tweet
here that it became known.  No, that's a lie, at
12:15.   He has
n't announced it here yet, but
he said he was going to give you a surprise.  I
mean, it was known yesterday afternoon,
right?  Impulsively and without thinking
much.  But anyway,
even if I knew and didn't
want to say anything, I mean, I don't know
why.  Good luck, good luck, as they
say.  Wow, what a blow
Peppa took today
, right?  When I started the
live, right?  As always, right?  Bravo,
bravo.  Look, Peppa, I'm going to remind you of
something so you can applaud yourself.  I'm going to
remind you of something so you can
applaud yourself, and with this click we'll reach the
50 challenge. I assure you.  You see?
I don't have it, it was not known.  No, no, no.
Well, if I found out, I don't
know if I found out yesterday when I stopped,
because I arrived, I arrived at 11:30, I didn't
do telesalseo and these people gave me a hand
to prepare the salsa bar
right away.  Then I reviewed the script
that I recorded this morning. I didn't record it
because I was exhausted.  I took the dog out,
I stayed here for a little while quietly
eating something, okay?  I don't know if I found out
there, I said, "Oh, look, damn, that's
great, I'm glad. Tomorrow I'll tell him something and either
today or in the morning today, I don't know when I do
n't know when I found out if it was yesterday
or something, but anyway, it's just that I
opened it directly and I remembered, hey,
but I don't know, I understand, I mean, I have an
obligation here that every time
someone opens a channel I have to...
But if
my community, from what I've seen, has
supported it and given it a first push,
right? I mean, that's what they
're throwing in my face. But anyway, as I
said, family, eh, as I said, I'm going to
give Peppa a click because you're going to
like it so much that with this click I think
we're going to reach the goal of 50.
Pay attention. It's just that, well, damn, yesterday there were
3,500 people talking about
serious things, he was there, go ahead and  I
hit it. And he takes and puts a click of mine from the
live stream with 3,500 people. Who
does that? Nobody does that.
Nobody does that.  No, no, it's not humble,
dude.  He is a humble guy.  I'm
going to eat it.  It's that girl gam with how hum
I am.  Yes, yes, yes, yes.  That's
just what it does.  being in a
live show of going to Cari's, going
to Enrique's, going to
Arbe's, going to if he's sending us
everywhere.  What is that?
Tell me one more, one more YouTuber who
does that continuously.  No one, neither in
these parts nor in any other, but in
these parts at least, can be that
good.  And besides, it's not that he stabs them in the
back, it's that they don't thank him for it.  They don't
thank you for it.  And you have to be
grateful for things because you have to be grateful for the good things that are
offered to you,
but then he goes on and on and on and he
will continue doing this, come on, not even if
David has a nose job will he still
be Javi as he is.  So what's
your point now?  What's your point?  Well,
you are promoted, aren't you?  You're not
mentioned here every day.  And?  You don't
work, you're sick with Javi, things are
n't going well for you because you don't work.  You
've had a window.  But well, eh, since you
're here, nobody does that
.  I don't know why I have the
obligation to do that.  I mean,
nobody does that, damn it.  Yesterday he caught up with 3,500
people who were talking about
serious things, he was there, hit me hard.
And he takes and puts a click of mine from the
live with 3500 people.  Who
does that?  Nobody does that.
Nobody does that.  No, no, no.  He's humble,
dude.  He is a humble guy.  I'm
going to eat it.  It's that girl gynecologist with how
hum I am.  Yes, yes, yes, yes.  That's
just what it does.  I'll be in a
live show about going to Caris.  What a
hypocritical woman with her hand on her
forehead.  No, uh, I'm telling you, I mean, they
throw some things in my face that I'm
often stunned, like, well,
look, you don't get it.  How am I going to
send people somewhere else?
But Javi, the problem is that you have
people here saying that Marina
should have told you.  I guess she wouldn't
say it so as not to put me in a difficult position,
but come on, she's asked herself that question many
times and it's normal, it's normal that a
girl has to make her own
way, has to make a
living, has to try, you
know what I mean?  The other day I read a
tweet saying that he was going to
focus more on journalism again.   I have
n't asked him, God, and a kiss.   I
understand that it is not understood that he does not leave
YouTube, no, but for Pepa hahaha
five.  Lawsuits and joints.  Lawsuits and
joints.  I mean, Alber put
a T now saying the opposite, right?   It seemed
like now he was going to
focus more on journalism again.  I
imagine they'll have their YouTube channel
as an extra, but these people are
journalists after all, and they're dedicated to their
profession.  But anyway, in the meantime, and
no, well, hey, you open your channel and that's
fine, you have to, you have to, from there, it
becomes my responsibility to pull
other people's channels, you understand?
Come on, but they're saying it anyway
, these people I
mention every day are saying it, you
know what I mean?  Hey, Javi, you saw that Ricky
was hitting on you, where are you?  I mean, he saw it
on Twitter, if he did it in videos
too, I don't know, but he's really mad,
right?  I've got the whole internet dancing, to be
honest.  They haven't said anything about
Borja Caponi's promo.  But to be
honest, I think I'm a person
who in that sense is not that
I'm not that I'm not that I'm not that
generous.  It happens that I choose how,
when, how much, I don't think
too much.  Exactly, Brenda.  And then
if I promote it, well, people will
insult it, but that's it, I mean,
things have to be organic.
Well, depending on when she releases
videos and such, here, like with
all my colleagues, we'll see her
videos when she has an exclusive.
Damn, Marina is exclusive, let's go
see her.  You understand me?  That other thing is
that here it is taken as a rule that it is
my thing that does not throw in others'
faces that it does not make sense.  But
come on, Peppa, listen to yourself.  Go to
Enrique's, go to Arbe's, go to
if he's sending us
everywhere.  Sure, what is that, tell me,
tell me one, one more, one more YouTuber
who does that continuously.  Nobody.  I
should have kept quiet and we would have had the entire
audience on all the channels right
here.  Toduma
makes no sense here, man.  But apart from the fact that
you're accusing me of something that
doesn't make any sense.
Peppa has some serious changes of heart.  Of course,
because there are several phases of
heartbreak, there are always several
phases.  There's the phase when they're
with me.  When they are with me they think the
same as me on everything.  If I'm
for Fran, they're for
Fran.  If I'm against Fran,
they're against Fran.  Okay, if I
'm for Karime, they're
for Karime.  I mean, then there's the
phase where there's a phase in between that's
like that, right?  The one we saw from
Peppa.  Javi doesn't talk to me,
but since the few people I have here
are his community who adore him, I don't say
anything bad about him.  I'm not saying anything bad about
him, you understand?  I didn't speak to
Pepa, but I don't say anything bad about him
so people keep thinking, you know?
And then there's the phase where little
by little you're starting to really beat me up
.  I have already experienced this many
times.  I've been through it many
times, you know what I mean?  But man, I'm
not going to allow you to
absurdly mess with
people I'm good with.  I mean, me
and Marina, well, she was here the day before
yesterday.  It's that I know it wasn't the last program
because it was the
challenge thing, but it was the previous one.
Marina was here last time.  I just messed up just
for the sake of messing up, man.  You live in
[ __ ].  That things have to be done how
and when they want, otherwise they'll have to
make up stories and such.  But I do
n't even understand the movie
because even if I didn't,
even if I didn't feel like mentioning
anyone, because I don't have to promote
anyone either, do you understand?  I mean,
no, it's not something to hold against anyone, you
know what I mean?  It's nothing to
blame anyone for.  Wizard, go
suck it a little.  The one Peppa gave you
because you didn't even mention her on her
channel.  Sure, because she wanted me to
mention her channel, but because they
also assume that the fact that I
mention a channel already means that
all of you are going to be there every
day and giving them the same super chat
here and there giving it to them.  It doesn't
work that way, Peppa.  I mean, the view
is that these people are mentioned here every
day and they think this live
stream has 2,000 views, you
know what I mean?  It would have 200 spectators.  It
doesn't work like that.  You already have to create
your content and fight for it and I and not
only create your content, but
create your community, not pretend to
always be around the community
you've joined, do you understand?  I
mean, it has nothing to do with it.
Marina loves you very much, Solaje.
Marina has been with me here for many
years and Marina knows perfectly well
how things work, I mean, she's not going to
pay any attention to these things.
Come on, Marina, he's not even going to comment on this
, do you understand me?  Because she will be about
the heart.  I haven't seen
her live yet, but I understand it
will be heartfelt.  He's not going to talk about
Pepa, you know?  But he knows very well.
What's up, Karime?  The fact that.  Hey, I'm
going to the salseria.  No, let's
finish this and I'm going to the salseria.
No, promotion, promise, promise.  Hey,
well I thought
Gindy had done some advertising and promotion for him and he
hasn't said a word.  And please do,
Gindy.  How ridiculous, man.
Pathetic things.  Pepa of putting the leaves of the
butt in you.  Of the ass?  Hey, what happened to the
butt?  13 more super chats to go, family.  13
super chat.  I didn't find out either.
I was at your premiere.  Well, we'll
continue to be here every night
doing our live shows and our
stuff, and that's it.  We're not going to send
anyone anywhere.  If we
stay here.  I'm speaking to you in
code.  Well, tell me.  Clear.  Don't talk to me
in code.  in key at this time.  Karim,
tell me clearly on WhatsApp.
Promote the girl, your close friend, your
lifelong friend.   I
don't understand this nonsense, I don't understand
this nonsense.  You're really giving me
the creeps.  I have three
new messages, but I can't read them from
here.  What a lazy person, huh?  Tesa.  Yes,
now we're going to the sauce shop.  My goodness.
Well, but she's been on indiscreet TV
and FJ has sent the lackeys.  He has
sent the lackeys.  Seriously, what the
hell.  What a ridiculous thing,
right?  What you have to do is
answer the loli.
[Music]